feat(react): allow some `<list-item/>`s to be deferred (#204)
lynx-family/lynx-stack: .changeset/smart-lies-glow.md

---

> "@lynx-js/react": minor

Author: done!

---
"@lynx-js/react": patch
---

> New built-in component `<List/>`, which provide a virtualized list view. Unlike the element `<list/>`, `<List/>` render each item on-demand, which is more efficient for large list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New built-in component `<List/>`, which provides a virtualized list view. Unlike the element `<list/>`, `<List/>` renders each item on-demand, which is more efficient for large lists.
```

```tsx
import { List } from '@lynx-js/react/runtime-components';

<List
  data={Array.from({ length: 1000 }).map((_, index) => ({ x: index }))}
  renderItem={(item) => {
    return (
      <view style='background-color: green; width: 100%; height: 120rpx; margin-bottom: 10rpx;'>
        <text>
          {`Item ${item.x}`}
        </text>
      </view>
    );
  }}
  keyExtractor={(item) => `${item.x}`}
  getItemProps={(item) => ({
    style: 'height: 120rpx;',
  })}
  getItemLayout={(item) => ({

>     'full-span': item.x === 10,

Reviewer: Is it OK to use `'full-span'` here, since it has been commented in `ListItemLayoutProps`?
